README.md, before:

# DwC-Adapters
This PHP project provides converters for several checklist datasets from their native, proprietary and public format to a standard Darwin Core Archive
which can be indexed by GBIF ChecklistBank. The following sources are supported:

 - usda: [USDA Plants](https://www.gbif.org/dataset/705922f7-5ba5-49ab-a75d-722e3090e690)
 - tol: [Tree Of Life](https://www.gbif.org/dataset/41efd0ac-0c70-48af-9e38-b19c66d6f3e2)
 - ncbi: [NCBI](https://www.gbif.org/dataset/fab88965-e69d-4491-a04d-e3198b626e52)
 - grin: [GRIN](https://www.gbif.org/dataset/66dd0960-2d7d-46ee-a491-87b9adcfe7b1)

*The source code was created by Michael Giddens (mikegiddens@silverbiology.com), contracted by GBIF in 2010.*


# Installation

### Requirements:
- PHP 5.2.x+

### Configuration:
1) Copy the ```default.config.php``` to ```config.php``` and edit the information.

# Usage

1. cd into root folder of this project
2. execute ```php index.php {source}```
3. generated dwc archives will be in the respective sources subfolder


### GBIF installation
The dwca adapters are installed on rs.gbif.org where each source is executed by cron once a week.
The generated dwc archives are then copied to the apache server hosting http://rs.gbif.org/datasets/ which contains the files registered in GBIF.

### Docker use (2019)

This is a quick hack to get something working.  It needs to be moved to a proper build server.

```
docker build -t dwca-adapters .
docker run -it --rm dwca-adapters
$ php index.php ncbi
```

Commit message:

Docker container to build these with the old PHP version.

README.md, after:

# Darwin Core Archive Adapters

This PHP project provides converters for several checklist datasets from their native, proprietary and public format to a standard Darwin Core Archive
which can be indexed by GBIF ChecklistBank. The following sources are supported:

 - usda: [USDA Plants](https://www.gbif.org/dataset/705922f7-5ba5-49ab-a75d-722e3090e690)
 - tol: [Tree Of Life](https://www.gbif.org/dataset/41efd0ac-0c70-48af-9e38-b19c66d6f3e2)
 - ncbi: [NCBI](https://www.gbif.org/dataset/fab88965-e69d-4491-a04d-e3198b626e52)
 - grin: [GRIN](https://www.gbif.org/dataset/66dd0960-2d7d-46ee-a491-87b9adcfe7b1)

*The source code was created by Michael Giddens (mikegiddens@silverbiology.com), contracted by GBIF in 2010.*

# Installation

## Requirements
- PHP 5.2.x+

## Configuration
1) Copy the ```default.config.php``` to ```config.php``` and edit the information.

# Usage

1. cd into root folder of this project
2. execute ```php index.php {source}```
3. generated DWC archives will be in the output subfolder

### GBIF installation + Docker use (2019)

```shell
git clean -f -X
docker build -t dwca-adapters .
mkdir output
docker run -it --rm -v $PWD/output:/dwca-adapters/output mb.gbif.org:5000/dwca-adapters
```

The Makefile can be used to build and deploy the container.

The adapters are installed on the [build server](https://builds.gbif.org/job/dwca-adapters/), which runs the jobs weekly.
The finished archives are copied to http://rs.gbif.org/datasets/.
